chore: clarify cortex field limitations (#472)
syntasso/kratix-docs: docs/ske/10-integrations/11-cortex/02-generating-cortex-components.mdx

### Translating Promises to Entity Types

The Cortex Controller takes the API of the Promise and uses it to generate both the fields on the Entity Type and the inputs on the Create and Update Workflows in Cortex. Cortex
Entity Types and Cortex Workflow inputs have slightly different supported type sets, so some Promise schema constructs are accepted by the Entity Type generation but rejected
when generating Workflow inputs.

#### Entity Type fields

The [supported types](https://docs.cortex.io/ingesting-data-into-cortex/entities/adding-entities/entity-types#json-schema-for-custom-entity-types) for Cortex Entity Type fields

> are `array`, `boolean`, `integer`, `null`, `number`, `object` and `string`. At present, Cortex does not support arrays of objects with fields with more than one level of nesting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
are `array`, `boolean`, `integer`, `null`, `number`, `object` and `string`. At present, Cortex does not support arrays of primitive types, or array of objects with fields with more than one level of nesting.
```

> are `array`, `boolean`, `integer`, `null`, `number`, `object` and `string`. At present, Cortex does not support arrays of objects with fields with more than one level of nesting.

Reviewer 2: This is wrong. Cortex entity types supports full json schema (nested array of objects as an example) and it's not the limitation here. Limitation is with workflow inputs. I would probably remove this section and just focus on workflow inputs, so it's less documentation on Cortex objects that we might need to keep up to date when something changes upstream.

Author: Got it! Sorry got confused. Thanks!

Additionally, when defined outside of an array, objects cannot exceed more than five levels of nesting.

#### Workflow inputs

> [Cortex Workflow inputs](https://docs.cortex.io/streamline/workflows/create#step-2-configure-your-workflow-settings) support a narrower set of types than Entity Type fields:

Reviewer: The linked doc is not very helpful

> only `string`, `number`, `boolean`, and `object`, with arrays available on top of `object`. Promise schema constructs that fall outside this set cannot be expressed as

Reviewer: > with arrays available on top of `object`

as a non-native speaker, this reads weird

Workflow inputs — when the controller encounters one, the Promise itself will still reconcile, but the Create, Update, and Delete Workflows in Cortex will not be generated.

If a field's natural shape doesn't fit within the supported types, model it using one of those types instead. For example, a list of simple values can be modelled as an array
of objects with a single property:

```yaml
initialNsAdmins:
  type: array
  items:
    type: object
    properties:
      username:
        type: string

> ```

Reviewer 2: TBH, I would rather users go to Cortex asking for feature requests, rather than using work arounds like this to fit the existing Cortex ability.

#### Quoting numeric values in string inputs

When a Cortex Workflow input is typed as `string` and a user enters a value that consists only of digits, Cortex serialises it as an integer in the generated request, which then

> fails Promise schema validation. Wrap purely numeric values in quotes (for example, `"0001234"`) when filling the Cortex form so the value round-trips as a string.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When a Cortex Workflow input is typed as `string` and a user enters a value that consists only of digits, make sure to wrap purely numeric values in quotes (for example, `"0001234"`) when filling the Cortex form so the value is interpreted as a string.
```
I won't say "Cortex serialises it", because this is a behavior with k8s api mostly.
